he was giving guys as we know by now if
you pre-order the game at gamestop you
will get exclusive suit bag which is
Aaron spider-man spider-man or cosmic
spider-man and the symbiote spider-man
now this won't be just skins every
single question will be different a
different model and it will have
different perks cap of days ago we
talked about the spider-man or perks and
just recently they revealed the cosmic
spider-man perks now the cosmic
spider-man comes from the 616 universe
it's a version of superman with
enchanted census strength speed reflexes
and overall enchanted power and he had
such cool bars as energy manipulation
and univision now the first time we had
a cosmic spider-man question was in
spider-man two thousand game and this
question was also featured in such games
as spider-man web of shadows and
spider-man shattered dimensions now the
Burke's are the following first one is a
healing rate spider-man heals faster now
this is certainly a good thing and a
very crucial thing especially during the
past fights also when you're fighting
bunch of enemies at the same time of
course the second perk is spider-sense
range spider-sense goes further than
normal once again pretty cool in
comparison to spider-man or you have to
be sneaky and basically if you're
playing as cosmic experiment you know
where your enemies are and you will be
aware of all the danger a lot better in
comparison to the usual class experiment
question in the game this is pretty cool
once again and of course the third Burke
is ionic potency ionic web reacts more
rapidly now we do know that in this game
there will be a lot more different
spider-man web combos and different web
attacks it seems that the ionic web will
do more damage to the enemies which is
always a good thing now once again the
questions are exclusive at gamestop if
you pre-order at Amazon you're not
getting the questions so make sure to
pre-order at gamestop every single
question has unique barks different
model
and it's pretty damn good general as you
guys think about it we are looking
forward to the iron spider man question
products and of course symbiote question
perks in near future thanks for watching
and above
you